Adding authentication table (#7776)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections.md

These connection instructions provide the basic fields required for configuring a data platform connection in <Constant name="cloud" />. For more detailed guides, which include demo project data, read our [Quickstart guides](/guides)

### Supported authentication methods

> The following auth types are supported for each of the connections available on the dbt platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows which authentication types are supported for each connection available on the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />:
```
